[positivo]This game is amazing. It's beautiful and It's so fun I just could not put it down. I love going around and exploring and doing the side quests. The gameplay changed things up from previous Zelda games and its great. The music is fantastic. It's just a great game. I love it.

[positivo] One of the best gaming experiences of my life. It's hard to describe in words and I can see why some people would feel very salty about not being able to play this game. Masterpiece.

[negativa] they took one minute to copy and paste the same garbage from last year and that deserves a 1 for the hard work. EA is a cash grabing, greedy and anti consumer company. This game shows how little they care for the players. Stay away from this excuse of a game on all consoles.

[negativa] horrible remastered version of the game this game runs absolutely horrible, steer clear from this port horrible game

[neutra] What a big letdown! Bethesda promised FALLOUT and RPG so I quickly went out of my way to freaking buy this game. What I got is FARCRY+BORDERLANDS!!! This is not an RPG but an open world FPS! Gone are the brilliant sidequests in NV where you can finish a quest numerous ways and you can even be an evil bastard. Instead you get a quest, kill X amount, and go back to npc and be the good guy everyone wants you to be. Bethesda what the hell happened? Granted, a lot of gameplay has been polished but the RPG elements really took a step back. This game is great without the Fallout name but what I wanted is Fallout not FarcryLands

[neutra] Quite disappointing game. Pre-ordered the game well before launch and was waiting for release date. The graphics is okay in best case but rather ugly. In some scenes ever lagging. The quests are boring and dialogs are rather stupid. Mostly Yes, No. SPECIAL skill tree is pretty worthless. Will finish the story mode quickly and resell the game while still worth anything.

[positiva/esses proximos tres sao do mesmo jogo (the last of us)] Honestly this is the best game I've ever played. The story may not be completely original but the way it's told and the way it's presented is what makes this game a 10/10. The gameplay is fun, the combat and stealth is challenging, and it's actually realistic. Most "zombie" games have you slashing through hordes of zombies but what Naughty Dog did with the Last of Us was genius. This game is truly a masterpiece. 

[neutra] Probably one of the most over rated games of all time. It's got good voice acting, but the storlyline was fairly mediocre. Visually it's nice, but the controls are clunky sometimes. 

[negativa] I tried, and i tried, but the gameplay is terrible, i hated it. and for the story, uhuuu using a young hottie and implying that he never wanted to have sex with her and stuff, i think Freud would strongly disagree with the relationship between those two. story is just weak and weird, and offering no controversy, it could been so much better if it wasnt writen by a old prick assuming that in real life it would go something like this. 

[negativa] then I saw how bad it was. My money will definitely be going to Dead or Alive 6 next month for the intense fighting moves and environments. This game was a waste of hype for sure.
