1. I cant stand the fact i paid for one more year 60 dollars to my favorite sports game and in return i got this inconsistent, scripted, input delay, kick off boost

2. This game is god awful! 
-FPS locked 
-Can't change FOV 
-Terrible UI 
-Full of bugs 
-Lifeless empty world 
-Bunch of fetch missions. 
-Terrible pvp 
-Microtransactions 
Worse game of 2018!

3. After 6 hours i must admit gameplay is TERRIBLE boring, BORING and loonely. 
Why you ruined Fallout? 
You threw away everything that made the Fallout series awesome (nps, mod ecc) to conceive an hybrid MMO abomination. You mad ?

4. Boring, unfinished, buggy, bad console port with outdated graphics, no optimisation, empty sandbox with bad fps combat.

5. Complete TRASH, bugged, broken and disgusting money-grab with absolutely no story. Do not buy!

6. Bad game, absolutely bad game.

7. This is a game without a plot, goal and meaning.Buy it if you have nowhere to spend money.

8. Bad graphics. Bad gameplay. Bad optimization. 

9. Poor performance, bad graphics, boring story, no Fov slider, 60 FPS cap. 
The game quickly gets boring, you can't do anything else as explore and loot.

10. Engine from Morrorwind, Buggy as hell, boring Quest, no real Story, Empty World, ugly Game, PvP not working.. What a lazy game... shame on u

11. It's a boring griefer-fest garbage game that should never have existed.

12. Worst "Game" I have ever endured. Shame, this could have been so much better

13. Game is extremely glitchy. having to drink water and eat food constantly is very annoying as well as not being able to carry hardly any items without becoming overencumbered. no nps makes for a very dull story line. i do not recommend this game to anyone even if you are a fallout fan because all it will do is make you mad

14. Bad grafics, million bugs , pointless gameplay this game is boring

15. Do not Buy! There is nothing that deserves your attention. The game is just bad.

16. I cant quantify the amount of sheer disappointment, i knew i should have canceled my pre-order. The game, if you could call it that, is among the worst quality I've seen in 20 years of gaming. Don't waste your time and money on this.

17. I pre ordered this game and expected something similar to previous games. I played it for some hours, but i'ts a dead lifeless world with good things missing from it. Biggest disappointment I have had with a game for as long as I can remember.

18. The game is a waste of time. Full of bugs and robots without a story or enjoyable characters. Even if you can form a team it is still messy to play. Graphics are old and lighting is weird. I think this was an experiment of Bethesda on if they could sell the worst game with right marketing tactics. 

19. The game, at its very core, is a boring slog of inane missions which are there as an extremely dull distraction from an empty and lackluster world. If the premise of the "game" you are attempting to sell relies primarily playing with friends, then the game needs to provide an interesting environment in which these experiences can happen in. This game utterly fails at that.

20. Total garbage. For $60 I was expecting AAA title, not this trash. 
How can I get a refund?

21. Absolutely dreadful. Thank god for steam refunds. This game isn't worth 60$. It hardly even works. One of the worst ports in the history of gaming. 
It's literally a dumpster indie game that would normally be sold for 5$ on steam. Going for 60$.

22. this game is boring and horrible on ps4 but on pc it is even worse i cant get even 3 minutes in the game before ot start crashing, guys i think this is the new ubisoft, even ac unity was better

23. this game is simple garbage, horrible optimized on pc and this game in't even worth the monet that you spend.

24. No, just no. 
Very bad performance and many lies after all. 
Just another moneygrab trash game. 
I have one of the best computers at this moment and it still runs trash

25. horrible game, do not buy. Nothing works properly and i have to sucksaycece ceascec that thererfore i cant recommand this at all because of those stated reasons

26. A legendarily terrible game. If if everyone's expectations for this game were somehow adjusted before it was released it would still be a extremely disappointing. There was potential for this game a long time ago when it was still in it's concept art stages.

27. This is a hundred times worse than I'd imagined it could be. Terrible performance, terrible UI, terrible FOV, terrible absolutely everything. 
If you bought this game, it might not be too late to refund it. I strongly urge you do so while you still have the chance.

28. They promised us a game. The game that you can play with your friends. The FUN game. And what we got? Single player, repetitive, not optimized piece of garbage. And it is not fun at all. Refund

29. The game is absolutely broken right now. There is nothing that can be done about it, no matter how low you put your settings, how many programs you close. You will still find yourself with a game so unstable you might as well not play it.

30. I have nothing to say. Just nothing. Except one thing - I was even unable to launch this piece of... code, so I haven't even played it once

31. Awful grind optimized for "Micro"transactions 
Ugly characters dressed like bad cosplayers 

32. Absolute garbage, pay2win, a total waste of money.

33. Games from now on are no longer a way of entertainment for the people. 
They are a mean to sell microtransactions. 
This changes the way the games are developed in the core. 
History, music, entertainment, fun and gameplay don't matter anymore. 
All the games now are just a gigantic "Candy Crush", just a way to sell microtransactions.

34. Games are being ruined by excessive grinding and microtransactions. There is no place for gambling systems in full priced games. Vote with your dollars or this will just get worse and worse.

35. This isn't Mortal Kombat anymore. They betrayed everything that made the games unique.

36. Do not buy this game. It is horrible they took off micro transactions so you would buy the game, and then they are going to bring them back. 

37. The game is the embodiment of greed. It's a money grab at a popular movie and series of games that turned out to be a subpar modern shooter filled with microtransactions for a full price triple-A game. Very disappointing

38. This is a pay-to-win. All games with this business model must disappear.

39. It's not a game. It's money grab scheme with elements of game. Removing pay2win temporarily won't do anything because whole thing is built upon it. It will fall apart soon and they already looking for another way to squeeze last dollar out of you.

40. Do not buy this game. It is a huge cash grab. 

41. This game sucks. It's cancerous as hell, contains cringy memes, it sucks, period.

42. This game is great but the entire unlock process is pay to win. You LITERALLY cannot progress in this game without spending real life money. The game does a great job at hiding this during the first two world stages but once you get past these you are stuck in the mud. 
If I could get a refund on this game I would, it has so much potential but is destroyed by greedy companies.

43. I would not recommend it to ANY of my friends. 

44. Honest to god this is the worst game I have ever played, including mobile games. Even for free, this game is asking for too much. The servers are awful and it took around 7 minutes to even find a server and the rest of the game is purely RNG. no skill required.

45. Just dont. 
It sucks.

46. This game is simply awful. All i can say about it is that everyt time you get into a gunfight it just turns into someone jumping with a shotgun. Even after the shotgun nerf it is still op af

47. Posturing, terrible physics, no graphics. 
What are some unintelligible engineering chips. 
The game is a joke, the game is a copy of the popular PUBG 
Cheap.

48. This Game Has To Got To Be Permanently Banned, It Is Luring People To Skip Their Daily Things To Do. Even Worse, Kids Have Been Skipping School To Play Fortnite. This Game Is Pathetic! Besides Who Would Want A Game That Makes You Play Hooky Daily. 

49. Fortnite is an excellent example of the fact that the developer does not play his own game. For example, where is the surround sound, Lebowski? Where skillful shooting, not a random shooting gallery? Any minuses of the game developers will write off to "Early Access". Instead of some balance adjustments, they will add new costumes, the battle pass.

50. I blame myself for downloading that game. Game mechanics - crap, visuals - crap, everything is crap! Playersunknown battlegrounds vs Minecraft, what can i say...

51. This is game is Insanely over-rated. I'm the kind of person that rates every game on how it stacks up today, not how it was in the past. Older games can be amazing, I go back and play Megaman and the original zelda and love them, but this game is pretty terrible, having to wait for your enemy to attack just to fight and having one of the most boring and terrible lacking over-worlds ever doesn't help. Not to mention the camera is horrid. IF you want a more detailed review I suggest Egoraptor's video on the game.

52. Worst Game Ever Made...Honestly. the graphics are puke inducing. the game is long and way too drawn out. and its just not pleasing to sit and play for hours. SKIP AT ALL COSTS! It does not hold up what so ever.

53. Bad controls, uninteresting story, uninteresting game play. It's good for its time, but it has aged horribly. Not to mention I don't find the style or formula for the Zelda series fun at al

54.  played it for the first time last year and was shocked by how bad the graphics were. Seriousl, games released in 2008 have better graphics and effects than this garbage. Not to mention the gameplay is boring and unoirinal. I got about 30 minutes in before quitting. It's so hard because the controls suck

55. maybe its just me but i find this game to not be that fun i know i did not enjoy playing it, i would like to hear why so many people think its the best game of all time to me it is just not fun the game play is not that great the story bad nothing good in this game

56. Boring game, graphics suck, gameplay is boring, no fun at all. I don't see why anyone would play it.

57. Pointless game, i'd rather count my fingers.

58. It's bad and too hard.

59. The witcher controls really bad with keyboard and mouse. The graphics are fine, but that's about it. For my taste it has too much focus on action and the main character sadly is not who i want to play either. If you like Geralt and can live with playing him and also like buttonmashing on a controller that game might be great for you, for me its totally unbearable though.

60. This looks like a fun game! Unfortunately, between the thing crashing every 15 minutes and the fixed, narrow FOV making me sick when I can play there's no way to know. Don't buy this yet, wait for someone to fix the obviously rushed port job.

61. I don't really like the game. One of the worst RPGs I've played. I like the world and everyone in it except Geralt which I'm playing which ruins the whole game for me. I don't like his story and I don't like his voice acting. 2/10.

62. Yet again, just another over hyped game that you shouldn't waste your money on. Splatoon will be so much better. Don't waste your money on this game. Just wait till the price goes down.

63. 60$ for an unfinished generic zombie game is SO NOT COOL! Game got so many bugs in almost everything from gameplay to graphics to sound design. Story is boring, tasks are repetitive and unsatisfying to complete. AI is just on another level... so bad 
Way too generic and average in terms of quality, sometimes below average honestly. 

64.  Repetitive gameplay and tasks. 
- Tasks are unrewarding. 
- Unfinished game with ton of bugs 
- Aiming and steering feel awful to control 
- Embarrassing human AI 
- Generic zombie design and animation 
- Killing animations are bland 
- Story is both uninspiring and boring 
- Game brings nothing new to the table, basically it's another generic glitchy zombie game 
Don't bother buying. If you are really interested in zombie games, you could get it on sale, or simply just go buy 

65. Thankfully i didn't have to buy this as I played it at a friends , why this game took so long is anyone's guess it just has so many bad point's both with bugs and the playability of the game itself.

66. The gameplay is just so repetitive and seen it all before and to make matters worse it has frame pacing problems and pop up. 
Not worth anywhere near the full price !!

67. Lots of cutscenes, drop framerate, visually boring and too generic zombie game ZZZZzzz WASTE OF TIME!

68. Buggy Hot mess, Sony has dropped nothing but duds this whole year. The game is super repetitive and bloated with freakers?? Should have cancelled this trash.

69. Serious disappointment. 
Atmosphere : Cheap and Dull looking empty game. There are 10 year old game still looking better then this. Day and Night cycle is laughable. 
Combat : The AI is extremely stupid, keep stabbing enemy in the middle of 3 to 5 enemies and they wont bother to do any thing about it. Animal AI is even more dumber. 
Performance : Despite downloading some 20 GB Patch game still struggles to keep up the frames, continuous frame drop through the entire game spiked with lag and stutter even in cut scene. 
Story : Just a clumsy collection on worst holly wood movies duck taped together. 

70. Bad gameplay, cliché story and full of bugs even after patching....oh and the bike takes dmg from going over a pebble.

71. Only two words. Horrible and shame. Stay alert !!!! Don't lose your time in this ridicolous game

72. This game is broken. It was ambitious project at the time but it seems dev teams didn't have time to polish it.

73. This version is a complete trash 
There are so many problems. for example: Definite sound, problems in game physics and problems of optimality...
The game is only colored from blue to yellow 
It's not a remaster, it's a scam 

74. It was a very nice game. Was... 
These faces... I see them in nightmares. 
Don't buy the remastered version, you will regret.

75. Terrible game and one of the worst in the early franchise. it was boring and tedious.

76. Let me save you some money, don't buy this game just

77. This is honestly one of the worst games I have ever played. I'm only giving it a 1/10 because Legos are pretty fun to play with sometimes. But yeah don't purchase this GARBAGE

78. Im sorry but i cant get over how bad the controls are, the car and gun controls are just sooo bad it makes the game unplayable for me.in fact ive sold it already, the controls have always been bad, dont they know this???? 
Also when driving there is a blur effect close up and this makes me feel sick, silly mistakes have ruined for me what may have been a good game

79. The worst game ever made. I hope the developers choke on their food. Awful in every aspect possible. Driving, combat, missions, etc. Absolutely overrated. 

80. Unfortunately i bought this game. 
The problems that i got: FPS is horrible! Bad textures, worse AA ever! Even the disappointing whatch dogs and infamous second son have better graphics. Wtf is wrong with the controlls? I just cant drive. The analogic are so much sensitive on this game. Dont have anything better than on PS3. That is the true.

81. Absolutely awful game in every regard. 

82.  Incredibly overrated and over hyped movie licence crap. Gameplay become boring after 10 hours

83. Worst gameplay and combat system in a AAA in this generation, I just wasted 60$, the graphics are ok but gameplay is utter garbage.

84. Boring and repetitive. Downgraded graphics from what was shown throughout E3. Bad quest timings, fetch quests and pic quests in areas far away when you were there for a main mission earlier. Pass on this

85. Overrated game with very bad combat and a thousands of reprtitive missions. It seems ok at the begining but near end number of combat become avesomely high.

86. I HATE this game. HATE, HATE, HATE it. Nothing but unrelenting twitch combo moves. No time to breath or recover during action sequences, even at the easiest level. Complete frustration. 

87. completely broken game, too much publicity for a repetitive game. 
sony has screwed up, he should not have taken a product this incomplete.

88. This game is AWFUL. Worst game I've played ever. The graphics suck and the story is so generic. I got bored after playing five minutes of this game, because it's same repetitive reused garbage. If you like wasting your money, buy this game.

89. This is a very bugged games. There are some many bugs that appears that really takes off the fun of it. This has more bugs than Mass Effect Andromeda at launch. It is a fast game two, less than 10 hours. The Downgrade was terrible, It showed on thing at trailer but it completely different in the ended.

90. Way too short, combat was very repetitive, wall crawling controls were worse than Web of Shadows. That being said there were some nice cameos and other than the combat the gameplay was fun. While the story was short it was very well written.

91. A game in which you play as a generic block guy and run around a randomly generated world full of blocks. Your aim is a collect blocks and stack them. If you're an imaginative person you can quite possibly pretend that the game is an amazing adventure. Reality suggests otherwise. Buggy, horrible graphics, horrible AI, rushed final release. Meanwhile, the creator is a multimillionaire who passive-aggressively abuses people on twitter, takes more vacations then he actually works and abandons the game upon release.

92. Lets see. This game ripoffs Infiniminer. The devs are obviously lazy and greedy. Not only it looks like trash but it also runs so, i get more FPS in Skyrim than here. Its also overhyped, overrated and overpriced. Hardly worth even a neutral rating.

93. This game is absolute rubbish. The combat is mindlessly simple spamming of mouse 1 and the enemies pathing and AI is a joke. The building and mining is incredibly boring. The "exploration" is an absolute waste of time. The entire game is the same thing with slightly different textures. What a waste of money.

94. Terrible, unfinished game. Not even old school games look this bad and the lack of an actual AI past, "I KILL U" and "I NO KILL U" is inexcusable.

95. This game is just terrible, its boring and it has the graphics of a calculator. I played games in the 80's that had better graphics than this. This is only a game for people who are sheep. Stay away from this Horrible, terrible game

96. Minecraft is just a little novelty game, if you can get past the sickeningly horrid graphics, which I couldn't. I have NEVER hated a game for it's graphics before, but this... this is just wrong. I mean for starters you can't give this game a perfect score when it has 70's graphics yet it came out last year.

97. Minecraft is the dumbest game in the universe and is full of angry kids too. The price is expensive. 30 dollars for a stupid game. Mojang is trying to make money by selling a stupid game. Terraria is way better.

98. The game is HIGHLY overrated. The gameplay is repetitive and not very exciting. The concept of endless building is great, but you can also have the same amount of fun by playing with Legos. Minecraft is loosing respect fast by older fans, and the developers should do something to win them back.

99. the game keeps getting worse and worse they are trying to make it a rpg simlator witch i dont like and the controls feel like a bad inde game the game used to at least functional without mods

100. Useless. Just one word to describe it. Is a game that can entertain you for 3/4 hours before that you realize that your life can go on without build cubic virtual houses in mud and crap.
