1. low-budget degradation of the series, from the middle is very complex, monotonous ....

2. It's nice that FromSoftware has new engine but overall this game is too simplified. 
I don't give a damn about vertical movement and swimming (it's not revolutionary in 2019 - ough - for FS it is). 
Sekiro is nowhere near as good as SoulsBorne franchise. 
Just ONE weapon with ONE light attack, no stats, no armors, prosthetic arm with so-so "tools" and non-imaginative skill trees. 
Skills are described via pictures (lol - you don't know what you exactly get and you cannot respec - it's 2019 FromS! Look at Nioh/GOW/DMC 5 approach!) and you have ONE gameplay option - parry, parry, parry - no diversity, no options and no other/different path - replay value 3/10.
It's not a proper RPG and not a solid action game. 
At this downgrade rate I bet that next FromSoftware game will be released without items system - Soul Calibur style... 

3. The stories are actually interesting but the gameplay within them isn't. The guns aren't special, the aiming system isn't special, it's in fact very stiff and hard to control. You have to rely on auto aim. 

4. Beautiful graphics, excellent voice acting, lots to do. 
Terrible gameplay. I've wasted too much time in this game riding a horse. 60 hours of gameplay is nothing when 75% of it will be on the back of a horse tapping x and steering.

5. This game is really overrated. 
The amazing environment is the only thing that really stands out if you ask me. Controls are bad and every interaction looks slow and clumsy. The menus are outdated. Missions lack variety: most of them consist of several tedious minutes of horse riding and some trivial gunfight... without the rides each mission would probably lasts 5 minutes or less. Game progression/difficulty WANTED. 
The plot becomes interesting halfway through while in the first chapters you have that "nothing important happened today" feeling. The second part of the story and the dialogues are nice. 
The soundtrack is ok, moving sometimes but only good as a whole. 
Details as growing hair, dirty clothes and other stuff like that are cool but Rockstar should have spend more time improving gameplay mechanics and controls. 

6. This is a painfully slow-paced game with a 3-hour tutorial. It's realistic but I want fun, not chores.

7. Overall its what I expected. A huge cash cow of a world for there online services... with a medicore single player game thrown in it, great world, quirky characters, basic gameplay, sluggish movement, inventory system awful, rpg elements worthless, lack of weapons, ultimately I found it boring.

8. The game is technically amazing, but is brought down buy tiresome gun mechanics and movement along with a frustrating lack of freedom within missions and many other inconveniences. 
For example if you forget to get your rifle from your horse before dismounting during a mission it will often fail you for walking 5 meters back to get it, so your left with a crappy pistol for the whole thing. 
Your load-out constantly resets so you have to rummage through bags for 10 seconds to get everything you want before leaving your horse. main character doesn't seem to adapt based on your play style. game gets quite tiresome and i am glad its over. 
incredible amount of unique voice lines and unique interactions and a kinda good overall story bring the score up a bit.

9. All I have to say is that this game is kinda overrated if we talk about Gameplay, the game is not near perfect .

10. This game is over hyped. The gun play is awful and the covering system fails to achieve the fun part of gunfights. The story starts very slow and it gets a little boring afterwards. The main camp that you are staying at is kinda useless as it doesn’t generate any money and all the crafting upgrades are costly and require some special materials which requires long and boring hunting trips. The need to eat, sleep, smoke and repeat is literally breaking the game as it kills the fun part. And last but not least, this game should be called Horse Simulator: Boring Edition. The amount of time you spend on just tapping X to keep it running is long enough to rage quit. If your horse dies or it’s far from you you have to run like a minimum of 5 minutes to reach a nearby town. I had high hopes for this game but I am already thinking of selling or trading it after only 3 days and I am not even interested in completing the story.

11. The graphics are amazing. Once again, nothing special though. I have seen good graphics plenty before. Sure the physics are amazing but I don't get enjoyment from seeing my footprint in mud. 

12. The story and the attention to detail from Rockstar is great in this game, but the gameplay is just bad, for example the controls seem to be an after thought. Also all these small things you have to do are just not fun, I don't want to spend half my time looting dead bodies, cleaning my horse, shaving, and all the other small things Rockstar has made necessary. Also whose dumb idea was it that guns should stay on the horse.

13. interesting storry , nice looking graphics. 
But the gamplay is really slow and clunky. this cant be a 10 for me not at all.

14. I really really wanted to love this game but.. I don't even like it. It looks amazing... Granted but it's realism taken too far. I'm an older gamer and all I want to do after a hard day at work is relax and not having to worry about gun oil and coffee brewing. As others have said, controls are clunky and not very organic.

15. I'm about 7 hours in and from what I've seen so far, this game is sitting at about a 6 for me. Not once have I been excited or had what I would consider real fun. It's been more of a boring slog up to this point. I've spent more time running around on the horse than anything else. That's crap.

16. Terrible controls for the PC. Remapping buttons causes some features to simply not work at all such as stealing books or crafting. Gotta admit it does run stable, but really doesn't look much better than oblivion did 5 years ago. The mouse Y sensitivity is somehow controlled by the frame rate, so you'll never have the controls exactly as you want them. The good thing is I have had no stability issues or crashes of any kind, which makes sense since it's basically Oblivion with a worse UI and menu system. Looks a bit better, but nothing like the screenshots from Bethesda on any settings. Would rent only, and then use a console as the PC version is an afterthough

17. In a word? Overrated. They really messed up the major point of even playing an Elder Scrolls game - the story. Not just the main quest, but all of the side quests and especially the guilds. It is fun, but inferior to Oblivion and Morrowind and not a good sign of to-be Elder Scrolls games.

18. This is an excellent sandbox RPG with wonderful visuals but the game ends there. If you enjoy the real time combat and the crafting you will likely love this game. The story is disjointed and poor but I believe it is necessary to support the sandbox approach. You can wander around all you like and explore many many places. The graphics are enticing so if that is all you need to have fun then you probably rate this game much higher than me. Personally I am not a fan of the combat system where you need to fire and aim each swing/spell/arrow. I also do not like the leveling system that requires you to advance as many skills as possible. Quest lines force you into crossing moral lines you might not want to cross but there is no alternate path. In general a fun fool around RPG but nothing serious. Bethesda is making the right move to stop this IP.

19. In my case the game was real fun only for first 30-40 hours after this time I just got bored with landscapes and the open world of Skyrim. Unfortunately this game lacks a decent storyline, I've tried to play it after completing The Witcher 2 and I was struck with the simplicity of plot. Besides at some point it's easier to kill a dragon than couple of Nordic zombies. However the game is worth to give it a shot

20. Skyrim is a huge game but it doesn't feel special or unique. Most places and dungeons look the same, NPC's are a big disappointment and it is based on quantity rather than quality. Menus and inventory screens are bad, navigation is really confusing and time consuming.

21. This game is not all it's hyped up to be. 
The quests quickly get repetitive and left no lasting impact on me. 
There is loads of content, but the world is just too gray and gloomy for me to care about exploring.

22. Some of the game is excellent, some is ok, some is quite bad. 

23. When i played the game, character race were mentioned only once or twice, and had absolutely no effect on gameplay. Story is nice but most quests very linear and lack choices.

24. I enjoyed the game and completed a lot of quests but it just lost that great feeling after about 3 hours. I will still play it and enjoy it for many weeks to come but it's just not the same anymore and seems to be worse then Fallout 3.

25. The game looks great, plays amazing. But we've already done all these same things before. I wanted to get a new RPG that played like something completely new, not just Oblivion with new maps, I just expected much more things to be added in. Mounted combat ect... Other hand, If you want a new game to spam mods for this might be for you.

26. Gameplay is fun but broken with multiple ways of exploiting it o become a god, such as free-casting, alchemy-enhanced smithing, stun/paralysis locking, ect.
Storywise it is alright but lacking when compared to Oblivion or Morrowind. 

27. Mediocre

28. When I started playing Skyrim I was flashed, the world was big and looked good and it really felt like an Elder Scrolls game. 
But the longer I played the more I realized how shallow it is. 
The game is basically a giant hub for Draugr dungeons with a dragon here and there that I can oneshot with the right build, no matter how strong. 
The game is a major downgrade from Oblivion, which was already a major downgrade from Morrowind, but at least Oblivion fixed a lot of bugs compared to Morrowind. 
Skyrim on the other hand has a worse leveling system, a less complex fighting system, badly balanced skill trees, uncreative quests, a badly written plot and badly empty constructed Cities. 
The only thing rescuing Skyrim from being completely redundant is how easy it is to mod, like any recent game made by Bethesda.

29. The game is not bad. Graphically it looks good. it plays well especially the new dribble system. However too much online features and of course micro transactions. seriously i play this offline most at times.

30. This game have a problem, and not just one. League has great potential, some times when you play you had so much fun, that you don't mind not about lousy crashes at servers, not about huge balances issues in champions design and mode challenge, not about moron(s) with you had to play previously game, not about over priced content that offer this game. You just play and have fun, true fun. But when you start new game, and all these issues comes back, and you haven't getting fun anymore you wanna stop this for god sake. Another think that developers almost every week make some change in balance, that comes in increasing and decreasing champions and items stats, some times changes is good some times it's can make your favorite champion just useless. All league players know such pains in ass who fall down so much that become just not a "good" choice to play at all. 

31. One thing I like about the League, is that it has a clear, fluid gameplay, unlike some of the other MOBA I've tried. It's nothing special, but good enough to kill some time.

32. Not the best MOBA ever, but has a few good characters. I do feel that it can be annoying playing the same map over and over again. Again like every other moba, this game has a toxic community. It just seems to come with the genre and maybe from the latest generation of gamers.

33. League of Legends is an okay-ish RTS game, especially for those new in the genre. It's just that there ain't too much of a difference between characters, play styles, effects, buffs, skills, and whatnot. I find it having a significant lack of "variety" between its game play elements

34. A very good game with good mechanics and very good carater design ! 
But totaly ruined by the pathetic servers ever full and with lags or just crash ! 
Do not give money You will regret it like me ... 
Simply play for free

35. In its early days, League of Legends was great. However, that time has come and gone. the game has extreme balancing issues, sub-par graphics, poor character designs, and the worst community I have seen in a game in a very long time. I would suggest avoiding this game, as it has little to no shining qualities, and would only appeal to long-time fans of the genre.

36. Fun, addictive , quite content to which you will have enough hours , promotes competitiveness and encourages decision-making satisfactory experience ... but empty, it's a shame it as Flapibird , really missing the story , he produced no innovation and toxic community detracts many points.

37. Pretty ok. I was kinda hoping for something different, but it's the same exact thing as the previous games. 

38. This game has gone downhill quickly. It's infested with cheaters, and the matchmaking system is unfair and broken. I have played this game for a total of 2,500 hours, and now it's enough. There are cheaters in almost every game you play, and the developers seem more keen on adding valuable items to the game instead of fixing the important issues.

39. Quite honestly, mediocre and unnecessary.

40. This is a good shooting game and of course its really fun with friends , but the poor optimization and a big amount of bugs and server lags and a lot of cheaters, i mean what are they doing with all that money , i hope they do something about these problems.

41. Pros: Great realistic graphics and lightning. Great sound - gun shots, foot steps, etc. Also sometimes it's quite fun to play. 
Cons: Game is hardcore. Damage model is way too hard. It takes very little time to kill or to be killed. I think it's the main purpose why Fortnite became much more popular. 
I think they should add kind of an arcade mode to make the game less harder to master.

42. Maybe it's not my type of game but i get bored quickly if i do always the same: go forward + closed room + fight, go forward + closed room + fight, go forward + closed room + fight, etc.

43. This game is extremely overrated. The levels are extremely linear and there is no exploration whatsoever. There is no puzzle solving or anything like that, only progress through these linear levels with a combat encounter every few meters. 

44. It's a decent game, maybe even a great game, just not for me, maybe it's because I have only played a combined 4-5 of the first 4 games, or maybe because the game it just to button mashy, but for some reason I just couldn't get into the game.

45. It's a good game but not amazing. 

46. Game is too easy and the V character is annoying to use. 

47. Positives: The graphics and facial animations are very impressive and the world looks gorgeous. The weapons feel quite fun to use and the jetpack movement is also quite fun. It only cost me 15 euros to play. End game weapons feel powerful. Most fun when playing with friends. 
Negatives: The story didn't grip me, I did not feel particularly connected to any of the characters. The conversation wheel is pointless and does not affect the story. Assets are constantly reused and there is not much content really. UI is annoying and unnecessary loading screens. Too many bugs at launch

48. Expecting great game with a thoughtful world and exciting gameplay... 
The result is another crappy session mmo with lootboxes. 

49. It's not a perfect game, but it's not terrible, either. 

50. I'm enjoying it even with all their faults. It's a great game and post-launch will be better for sure.

51. Just mediocre. Good combat but lack depth, terrible loot. Horrible story and characters. It looks nice but the art direction is boring. 
Just another soulless game

52. Its a mediocre loot shooter with a nice looking sci-fi world and an interesting background story on the first look, but has still some technical issues. 

53. The Combat is fun. The rest is a complete mess. 

54.  Its not a terrible game its just not great

55. The game is fun.....but there is so much more that needs to be fixed to make it stand out. 

56. A Beautiful world, attractive action, and flying robot, this is a positive element. 
But due to frequent bugs you can interrupt your adventure and also the loading time is very long, it will be kept waiting frequently and induce stress. 

57. Very disappointing. The game looks exceptional, and gameplay is excellent. But, that's about it. The entire experience is just incredibly shallow, empty, and soulless.

58. Well, great graphic, enjoyable flying, shooting etc. 
Bad loot, bad game design, bad optimization, bugs, Origin Premier Access subscribers used like beta testers, very repeatable content, game is using only mall portion of potential that the world design has to offer. 
I hope they manage to get out of this sh.. hole, cause I really like the game. Keeping fingers crossed, but red card well deserved

59. While there is some fun to be had here, Anthem is a hollow shell of what it could be. Between the severe bugs I encountered trying to go through basic game functions, to the lackluster Fort Tarsis and shoehorned story, Anthem feels more like a conglomerate of untested ideas than it does a full fledged game.

60. A very pretty, but very boring game. Not worth the time it takes to load. Out of the 6 RL friends that I started playing with, only one is still playing. 

61. Its meh, nothing more and nothing less. Im glad i have orgin access and did not buy this... Boring game. 

62. not bad but not good.... the story is just to meh for my personal opinion. best part the graphics.

63. The gameplay is fun when it works, but the more you play the more cracks appear and it's not a great launch either. I hope this will be a good game in about a month or so, but then again it should be a good game on launch. If you're considering buying I would definitely wait for updates.

64. Game cycle is repetitive, story is boring and cliche. Graphings is amazing, but the world feels empty and not interesting to explore.

65. Great feel to it. Fun play style, Just sooo many bugs. Really hope they get them fixed. Games live and die by this. If they do, and add more story, it will be a smash for the ages. If not, I predict its a blast for awhile and then sudden death.

66. This game, I wish i could rate it higher. Its not a bad game at its core, the gameplay is solid, the graphics even turned down are good and turned up it looks nice. The weapons are interesting and have plenty of variety and the formula is solid. I have put quite some time into it and sometimes its great. 

67. This game is good in theory.. Well done and with good features which make this game fun, but in practice this game is so much UNBALANCED.. One of the most unbalanced games i've ever seen, the combination of all decks together in the game-play makes this game a little bit annoying and so much boring and a real Pay to Win game in definition.

68. Great little card game, needs way more frequent updates and new cards from Blizzard though because as is you will get burned out fast seeing the same cards and decks over and over.

69. Fun card game with gameplay that relies on luck as much as skill, and gives a massive advantage to those that are willing to pay for the most powerful cards or play for a huge number of hours and hope for a lucky drop. A very shrewd P2W business model that is no doubt benefiting Blizzard nicely. However, I view it as dishonest and exploitative that sours the play experience.

70. Hearthstone is a pretty much 'okay' game but really nothing more. The lack of many gameplay mechanics makes it a linear experience. After the first day when everything feels fresh and is fun I caught myself losing motivation playing it. That's not because it it a bad game there is just not enough variety like in other TCGs.

71. It's fun for just few hours until you realize that you need thousand of hours of grindfest to have decent cards. 
It's both for casual and enthusiast player, and this it's not a real advantage because it could be very frustrating at the beginning. 
Grindfest or credit card to have fun. Not for me thanks.

72. This game is quite fun to play at first,but after a few days playing,it just turn out to be a really shallow game.Strategics are useless in playing hearthstone,as the card drawing system is COMPLETELY random.So, no matter how much time and effort spent in building your deck,it just comes down to luck when you are actually playing. 

73. Visually stunning, great voice acting and soud design overall, atmosphere of the world is fantastic.... BUT. Gameplay is dull and repetitive, stealth is not well made, and I found a lot of bugs

74. The story is the biggest weakness of the game. I would like to give 3 out of 10 for the story. These endings are nothing special yet quite narrow and blend. The plot of this game is not better than Far Cry 2,3, or 4. You don't expect this quality and this kind of storyline from an AAA(pricewise), trigger-happy, and run and gun( and a tiny bit of stealthy) game. 
The graphics are as good as Far Cry 5 But it requires much stronger pc to run it smoothly. Yet I felt like the map is somewhat empty. all the maps have the same repetetive random encounters, and these are not good enough. when you see one, you handle it in 5 secs and move along. 
The music and songs are pretty good. But the sound effects(especially guns) are bad. 
I would not be surprised if someone introduced that this game was released before Farcry 4. 
This game has got no improvements but degeneration. 
It is still a fair game for killing time. 

75. Bad AI,bad spawns,repetitive gameplay..Only fun thing is the coop mode,but it gets boring in 2-3 hours,too.

76. Got boring honestly, some parts are fun, most are boring, after all your work the ending will just disappoint.

77. The story is kind of a mess. Gameplay is very buggy and inconsistent. Having finished it, I can't say I had a lot of fun with it.

78. First off, this game is absolutely beautiful. Loved the world, the detail, but... the story really doesn't sit right with me. I get the whole nihilistic thing, but it was just handled poorly by Ubisoft. 

79. I love the Far Cry series, and was really looking forward to this one. Unfortunately, disappointed. 
First of all, the graphics and artwork is beautiful, no complaints there. 
But my three largest complaints are save glitches, pacing and repetitiveness. Seems to be no rhyme or reason where I end up when I save. And there have been numerous times where tasks that I've completed weren't saved and I had to re-do them. During a hostage situation, I killed the same guy 3 times, saved and when I came back he was there again. Finally gave up and didn't bother. 
There's no pacing to this game. You are either attacking or being attacked non-stop. I miss the undisturbed hikes or drives drives in Far Cry 3. It's like they took a map, jumbled up 10 thousand fight/task instances (whether man or animal) and just dropped them on the map. 
Too much repetition. How many cars, trucks, roadblocks do you need to take out? Only to have them reappear the next time you're in the area?

80. Really stunning gfx. 
But the theme just doesnt do it for me. 
The pace of this game is slow and doesnt keep me interested.

81. Pros: 
Nice graphics, style, music, geek culture, city, story. 
Cons: 
Annoying monotonous open-world gameplay. Boring monotonous puzzles, I don't like more than 50% additional missions and completely ignore annoying online missions: I prefer singleplayer modes in all the games.

82. I played and enjoyed the first one. While this one is pretty much the same game with minor changes, additions and different characters, it's the characters that got on my nerves through the whole game. They were all pretentious and cheesy. The game mechanics were great and I enjoyed playing it, but with the excessively liberal teen divas.

83. It's not a bad game. It's not a good one either. It's perfectly average and generic. There is nothing that would distinguish it from the flood of generic GTA clones. If you plan on buying this game consider spending the money on the real drone or remote controlled car instead. You'll probably have more fun playing with those.

84. Nothing new in the game.Lot of bugs on pc for me not good 
for me personally i didn't like the game. 

85. Minecraft is a very good game. A nice, if not new concept which allows players to achieve great things. The game works well with friends, and alone, but you must realize that in order to be entertained, you need to have a goal. If you aren't working on something this game gets boring fast. So think of something, and build it!

86. nice combat system, buggy and unpolished, kinda repetitive, dialog wheel not representative of what the character says, soundtrack is average, all and all a typical Bioware game. Nothing Memorable about the characters or story. Haven't try multiplayer yet

87. Such a dissapointing game :/ Alot crucial for a fan of the series flaws, its really like inqusition in space. But with more time requirement and worse quality.

88. This game is not terrible. But it is certainly not particularly good. 

89. i love the original trilogy but Andromeda's game world is just too uninteresting. The repetitiveness of the quests is too overwhelming for me, but I suppose if a player enjoys the hoard and fetch quests then there is great scenery to enjoy.

90. Very repetitive with ugly graphics from the gameplay perspective it's not that bad but the content is small and also Solo sucks. At the end it's a stupid gimmick fps with poor graphics and mostly made for multiplayer. The game does not deserve it's big price tag

91. It's... Disappointing. That's the word. I set my expectations really low, and this game still didn't meet any of them other than the "it'll be fun for a while" one. There are better games for this price.

92. Such a disappointment... It seems Bethesda had completely forgotten what made Fallout 3 and Fallout NV such a classic. Morally controversial choices, one of a kind atmosphere and a flexible RPG system. I'm truly sorry to say that Fallout 4 lacks all of that (or is non-existent). A mediocre, generic shooter is simply not acceptable for a Fallout title.

93. Nothing really new and innovating and absolutely horrible framerate problems even this long after release. I concur with other reviews that this game along with others that are targeted towards both PC and Console are ruining PC gaming.

94. The game looks amazing! The intro and the start is full of atmosphere, wow... 3 hours later im bored out of my mind. No real choices in dialoge.

95. Not a terrible game overall but not a good fallout game by far. Massively dumbed down mechanics, cut most RPG aspects, etc 
its pretty and combat is fun tho.

96. Sorry but the game is very boring. Apart from some new gameplay mechanics, it has nothing more to add to the series. Bethesda just dosen't "got it" with Fallout. The story and writing is extremely cheesy. I mean Bethesda was never good with writing but this is their worst effort on the subject. It feels it's written by a 13 year old boy. 
Anyway, if this is your first fallout game ever or if you enjoy running around in a wasteland shooting stuff than roleplaying and wanting to see how the world advances through the series this might be a game for you. If not, I don't believe you'll stay long. 
There are others (you know who) that know how to handle a Fallout game. Hope Bethesda will have them make another one 

97. A very mediocre game that has a little to do with Fallout. It's Borderlands with Sims elements. Bethesda has no idea how to do a proper Fallout game. Please leave this franchise to Obsidian. Stop butcher it.

98. Decent game. Not an RPG, but a sandbox shooter with a below-average story mode. As a shooter, is it good one, but nothing spectacular. The best part is the ambience, the wasteland is very well done and despite the poor graphics it is a fun playground. The soundtrack is excellent too. 
All in all a game below the expectations with little replay value that will get you bored quick.

99. Mediocre shooter/action game

100. Disappointing in many ways. Poor AI and optimization, many bugs, non interesting NPCs and story. This cons cover open world that gave few moments of joy.
