1.What an incredible game, I haven't found that need to go back to a game when I'm not playing it since DS1. 
Combat feels so satisfying, it takes a while to get into, but once it clicks you are a master shinobi. 
The graphics aren't incredible, but the art style definitely is, the environments and enemy design is pure from software genius. 
In soulsborne you're always forced to get good at the game, your stats and equipment won't carry you through. In this game that's truer than ever, you can grind out the skill tree, but the application of those skills is all you, the stat updates and equipment upgrades are contingent on your accomplishments. So you have to earn getting stronger by beating strong mini-bosses.

2.FromSoftware have grown into one of those studios whose game releases are big events. And I'm really glad as they are one of the few companies out there devoted to strong singleplayer games and the Soulsbourne games are one of the reasons I got into gaming. 
That being said, Sekiro is a masterpiece. Its a natural evolution on the soulsbourne games and is different in all the right ways. I bestow my highest praises on FromSoftware, they are true masters of the art of making videogames, and while I play Sekiro, I eagerly await their next game no matter how long it takes. 

3.WOW, this is an awesome game... It's more action then Souls, but it's fantastic and more tactic. 
Stealth system it's great. This is a must have, fantastic. 
GOTY WILL BE GREAT!!!

4. Absolute MASTERPIECE! One of the best games I've ever played in my life! Amazing combat, amazing exploration, amazing aesthetics, amazing boss fights, perfect difficulty and overall a fantastic product! All true gamers should buy and play this amazing game!

5.amazing game story action and gameplay it doesnt deserve hate from salty dark souls bloodborne fans just enjoy it its fun and has cool skills and upgrades that you can use

6.I was definitely sure it would be a great game. From Software never fails. I took a few hours to play and that's what I expected. I am in heaven ! Everything is amazing. 
Great atmosphere, graphics and story. You can fell the soul of previous games. I was really missing this world a lot. Finally got it. 
Thank you FromSoftware once again ! You're the best in the world

7. This game is a masterpiece...graphics are ok but gameplay wise this is a great experience... The whole posture mechanic set the difficulty bar over the top. A must have.

8. Very few games nowadays dare to challenge players beyond their own apparent capacities. From the Posture System to the Combat Arts, FromSoftware developed a Souls-like game with a very unique identity. Mastering all its little intricacies is an absolute joy, and I can't remember any other game making me feel such a rush. Absolutely recommended..

9. Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is a fantastic game, that both previous and newcomers to the game’s style will be able to hop in and enjoy. The game is marked for it’s intense combat, strategic thinking, and beautiful world design, while only suffering from some minor polishing issues as well as a questionable amount of replayability.

10. Total masterpiece. I see people complaining about lack of customization and RPG touch but I didn't miss them. This game doesn't need it and it works very nice. New combat mechanics are fresh and addictive, took me many deaths to get a hang of it but then I enjoyed it very much. Great way to reward more aggressive gamplay style. Visually beautiful.

11.Devil May Cry 5 feels super good its story is pretty damn good the gameplay is one the absolute best you'll find in all of gaming and the same could be said about the graphics! The only con that I have with the game is that it ended too early!! 
I wanna say THANK YOU VERY MUCH CAPCOM from bring DMC NACK!! Capcom has released 2 masterpieces this year! This game is a must buy for every gamer...escpecially hack and slash gamers qho play games like bayonetta or gow

12.One of the best action-hack and slash game ever made. Dont miss the chance to play this game. Storytelling is beaitiful.

13.Devil May Cry 5 is the most beautiful game in the series! The stroy is simple, but interesting. The combat system is great and exciting, specially the new character V; but it could get a little confusing at first! The game even has 2 endings! The RE engine is well optimized and eye catching. The game has a lot to offer and you'll enjoy playing it even for the second run! In one word, DmC5 is worth your time and money!

14.marvelous gameplay, graphics are really good and the game is well optimized. the plot is really good and interesting, capcom did a good job, loving the game and everyone should play this masterpiece.

15.After playing this game to completion as soon as it became available I can safely say that Devil May Cry 5 is one of the best in the series, and one of the best games I have played in general. Everything from the controls and combat to the characters and story are superb. The visuals and environments are also beautiful with many of the textures looking photo-realistic. If you are a Devil May Cry fan, do NOT hesitate to buy this game. It is worth it and so much more. Thank you Capcom for bringing this series back with such a strong entry and thank you Hideaki Itsuno for being one of the brightest minds in the entire gaming industry. 

16. Epic story, the most modern graphics, outstanding gameplay! One of the greatest games of this decade! Was worth of 11 years of wainting.

17. As A devil may cry fan I absolutely love this game. It's one of those guilty pleasures that makes you want to keep playing ,and go for that SSS rating. The graphics are great, the soundtrack is good, and the combat is AMAZING. if you want a good hack and slash game with the absolute best combat around this is your game.

18. Awesome music, beautiful graphics, a lot of funny moments, interesting story line, great optimization, addictive gameplay(especially as Dante), each character has his own style, etc. But these levels inside the tree are very boring, as all you can see is a lot of red/black color, no fascinating views, but there are a lot in the city.

19. Nice game the moment i started this game got hooked easily unlike previous game dmc devil may cry. It has some good cinematic instead of damn dialogue based speech.

20. optimization is incredible, graphics, too, but the study of the environment to put it mildly is not very, and the game itself I liked the music in some places good, 10

21.Nuclear throne remains an incredibly challenging, fast-paced, pulse-raising roguelike top-down shooter that will only rarely leave the player dissatisfied. Though it lacks some of the polish found in competitors like Isaac and Gungeon, Throne stands out as the fastest, most mechanically tight and satisfying. Vlambeer's booming sound design, simple but effective controls and screen shake make shooting and dodging enemy fire satisfying, a game-feel goal that few manage to stand up to. The ludicrous guns and the varied characters to be played, as well as a slew of mutations and build styles keep the runs fresh every time. One of the best ports to be found on the switch and well worth your time and money.

22. This game is incredible. in my opinion its one of the most under rated games on switch. Its hard, it will make you want to give up, but for some damn reason, you keep coming back. extremely rewarding and fun

23. I played on Xbox One. Games is awesome! Action, fast paced, no mercy... you need to think before you enter next room. Rushing is not a good idea. Great graphics and music. Fully recommended

24. Amazing game in every aspect, i just want to point out, Lev, what do you mean it has a weak storyline. It has one of the best storylines of all time, the reason it seems generic is because its an old story, many, many stories copied off of this. Now thats not to say that zelda didn't take inspiration from other stories, but obviously made it their own. There has never been a story in any other game that got me more involved then this one. Collapse

25. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is definitely the greatest game of all time, even to this day, no one has told a story as well as Nintendo has, and defined gameplay in a way that still stands above everything else all these years

26. This game is one of the best games ever created. It just disappoints me that so many people who play games on the Xbox360 or PS3 find this game as crap because of the graphics. They don't realize that this game came out in 1998.

27. What can I say that hasn't been said?Nothing.It's almost if not completely perfect! Gameplay is pure,Zelda awesomeness.Oh yeah and if you said it was boring,it's because you suck at it and you only like fps games where all you do is run in and go,"I'M RAMBO!!!!BAMBLAMCHIGGABOOM!". These people are what I call "fraggots" fps nerds who hate anything without guns and judge everything by graphics.Hence the word "frag" coming from "frag grenade",often used in fps games.Though Nintendo geeks can get annoying,too.But,I've gotten sidetracked.The controls,story,graphics (for it's time),gameplay,characters, and overall nostalgia are amazing.A 10 out of 10.An almost (if not completely) perfect game

28. This game is over all amazing. It is by far the best game i have ever played. There is never a dull moment in the game. The controls are great and temples/dudgeon are all memorable. The soundtrack is amazing, not to mention songs on the Ocarina. Truly one of the best games of all time.

29. Excellent game......just flawless, great story line, great gameplay, perfect interactivity, really sucks you into a world with no limitations

30. Truly, not a single Adventure/RPG can compare to this game. It may look dated now but graphics do not add or subtract anything from gameplay. Possibly the best game of the last century. If you hate this game, you hate gaming.

31. An excellent skating game. I have enjoyed this game for many, many years.

32. The music are so cool,The challenge is hard!Simple this is the best tony hawk game!The skates options are very extense and the game is very long!

33. Truly a fantastic sports game. One of a kind, even in its own series of games. 
Great music, great style, fun missions and amazingly memorable levels. 
I have had so much fun playing this game in my life and I will continue to play it alongside the other pro skater games until they stop working or I die.

34. This game is awesome! Perfect soundtrack, awesome gameplay and original graphics (very nice for PS plataform). A lot of secret areas and easter eggs to find. AWESOME, RADICAL! THIS ONE TOTALLY ROCKS!! It makes me try to fix my good old PS 1 to to play it.

35. Fond memories of playing it when i was a teenager. 
The controls are tight, the graphics are amazing for the era and the soundtrack is legendary. 
Plus, you get your own level editor. 
9/10 would still play it even today.

36. One of the best games on the Playstation. The Tony Hawk games are always fun and this was a great sequel, sure Tony Hawk Pro Skater 3 on the PS2 took the whole series to the next level but this was the last good tony hawk games to come on the PS1. With a great soundtrack and levels this game would keep you busy for hours and not to mention this was one of the first games that let you build your own skate park. This game deserves all the high ratings from critics and may I say might be one of the best PS1 games ever.

37. Amazing game in which I have spent hours playing. Just for those who think this is a game that only the old farts with nostalgia like I'm only 16 and I too find this game to be worth 10 stars

38. This game was simply AWESOME. I remember doing tricks playing as Tony Hawk while listening to it's classic, timeless soundtrack. Whoever thought of buying this game must've been a genius. It definitely deserves a score of ten from me!

39. This game is awesome!

40. One of the best. Still played today. there is no need for a story with such amazing gameplay

41. It's GTA with shiny new graphics, hilarious ragdoll physics (Crash your car at sixty miles per hour on the free way towards oncoming traffic; priceless), and a gripping new storyline filled with the usual GTA nutjobs and ingenious voice acting. That, and the radio stations are as sarcastic and satirical as ever. Go buy it; it has tons of mileage for your money.

42. This game is one of the best sandbox games ever. Not the best, but one of the best. Grand Theft Auto IV is fun. Just fun. Pure fun. Though sometimes you may get bored, there still is a billion things to do. The city is so alive and the graphics are great, the car damage is one of the best in any sandbox video game. The handling of the cars, I admit, is not so great. They're just so hard to control, they sway left and right and it sometimes it's incredibly frustrating. The other vehicles besides motorbikes are fine, the main problem is the cars and bikes. The characters and kooky and the is a lot of vulgar language but the story and characters are very interesting. The game is flawed, it isn't perfect but there is tonnes of fun to be had in Liberty City. 

43. The best game game of all time, missions are a blast, the story is extremely confounding and the characters bring a strong sense of nostalgia towards the gaming Industry. It really is hard to believe that gta is over 10 years old and this game sets the gold standard for any competitor willing to follow.

44. An amazing game, and despite all theese users going against the grain, its a must buy! It utilises the power of all the next gen consoles and looks fantastic graphic wise. The gameplay it self is like being kissed by an angel, and in that i mean there is nothing bad about it (other than a few frame rate issues). The gameplay mechanics are amazing, it has a fantastic storyline and is by far hands down the best game i have played on a next gen console. I would suggest you listen to the critics, and go out and buy this game.

45. What a great game, storytelling, graphics, characters, plot and contemporary problems it reports. One more time, Rockstar has burst all done before.

46. Possibly the best open world experience ive had in a video game, full with things to do, characters to meet and a realistic touch (sometimes) to it. Liberty City is big and the story of Niko Bellic is very interesting. You go from one bad boss from another, doing a lot of good missions in an immersive setting where it really feels like your own sandbox.

47. An epic videogame, surpassed by none so far. Rockstar has created the most sophisticated and entertaining masterpiece I've ever seen or played. A truly amazing experience; every gamer (of age) should have this game. From the opening mission, the game grips with its intriguing story and unrelenting action. An instant classic.

48. Simply put, best game of the last 10 years.

49. One of the best games I ever played. Wow.

50. Never saw a game like this before!

51. The best fighting game I've ever played by far! It's got everything; eye-candy graphics, great characters & some of the most amazing moves I've seen in a long time. It even seems to have a plot (of sorts) which I really like; the characters have real depth & even a personal history. The thing I like about it most of all are all the hidden extras you uncover when you complete the game. It gives you a real added incentive to carry on playing. I would personally recommend this game to anyone.

52. It is one of my favorite fighting games of all time. Who doesn't love this game? It had incredible graphics back in 1999. you gotta love the fluidity moves and attacks of each character. the mission is battle is awesome that you can play various minigames like tournaments, fighting lizard men, training with edgemaster, poison modes, etc. the soundtrack makes this game more epic and has great atmosphere. this game is never wounded and its soul never burns in my book.

53. This game is the best fighting game for dreamcast the sound is a great detail. I see this game as the best dreamcast game ever. The diffrent swords are cool plot line is the best there is NO WAY there will be a better fighting game for dreamcast.

54. I love this game! This is the only game which makes me feel better whenever i'm bored.

55. Incredible graphics and gameplay. You'll never tire of this one. The best fighter ever.

56. It is a great game for experienced gamers and even for beginners like myself. I had never played it but was still able to beat my brother repeatedly.

57. Almost perfect in every aspect yet I still gave it a 10 because it is the best yet!

58. This game is so much fun. Frightenly addictive. I had all my roommates and friends at schoolplaying this game nonstop. Way too much fun.

59. I have completed the game. I loved every minute.

60. Unbelivable game in its time. Closest to perfect, awesome graphics. This game kicks arse!

61. Without a doubt the best game ive ever played, a true Next Generation game. The visuals the sound and the attention to detail makes this the most immersive game ever. The characters and the story is also one of the best from rockstar. Also see the return of characters like Jon marsten make you even more connected to the game. The game is deserving of a 10. The best open ive played in a very long time

62. Excelent performance, good graphics, good sound and gameplay, best game so far on the xbox one x

63. Amazing game, simply amazing! From the immersion, to the world building, to the writing, this game is fantastic!

64. This game is amazing, the attention to detail is next level. Game of the year for sure. Do not listen to all the salty PC players. Hopefully they will dry their tears and move on shortly.

65. Original and refreshing, has an amazing storyline aswell as an amazing atmosphere and setting. Enjoyable combat, maybe a little bit repetitive for some, the game paces well too.

66. Without a doubt my favorite game of all time. I knew it was one of the greats when I played it back in 2007 but reserved judgment for my favorite game of all time until it was a couple years old to make sure I wasn't just being blinded by the shiny new thing. Now I am certain. As much a philosophical journey as it is an entertainment ride, this does a better job at conveying its ideas than any novel I've ever read and its the only video game I quote in intellectual conversation regularly. What more can I say? It just has the feeling of something big for the video game industry. It reminds me of Citizen Kane in many aspects. And thats one of the highest compliments I can award.

67. This game is amazing, no other word for it, the graphics are amazing and have something I like to call style, the plot is extremely amazing and the gameplay is also extremely awesome. It covers all it's bases and is extremely creative and original. This game is a must have.

68. Fantastic game. Great story, great visuals, unique gameplay. Fun and rewarding experience. A masterpiece.

69. This game was simply an amazing experience to say the least. Everything about it was unique from the weapon upgrades to the underwater utopia that the game takes place in. You can hack turrets, set traps, or go in head on to fight the Big Daddy in order to collect the ADAM from the Little Sister. Watch out for those Splicers as you make your way through the city or Rapture!

70. This is a revolution in gaming with amazing graphics, gameplay, and storyline. Possibly every bit as good Half-Life 2 was in 2004. I only wish my friends would stop complaining about it not having online already.

71. Without a doubt the best racing game ever. It will take months to beat this game and that's if you play 24/7. It's not a perfect game but has there ever been a perfect game? The best graphics ever and one of the hardest games to complete!

72. The most superior racing sim to date!! Visuals are 1st class, music is plausible, engine noises actually sound like the real thing and is different for each of the 150 cars. Realism is unrivaled; even the famed Skip Barber Racing School gave tips. Addiction factor is very good if you know what you are doing. A hard game, a Playstation hallmark.

73. Incredible game, amazing graphics for the time and pretty much the best driving simulator that had come out at the time. This game had insane hype and it's one of those rare cases where a game this hyped lives up to it and then some.

74. This is by far the worst game ever and I'm being completely honest with you. I give it 10 out of 10 and my cat ate it. Your Friend, Spanky.

75. Buy this game! Buy a gameshark too! Way to hard. Awesome graphics!

76. A very satisfying experience, regardless of the length (which of course will vary from person to person). Also I've strong reasons to believe that there will be more free content provided as in the case of L4D series..

77. Just a 10 of 10.. brilliant humor and fantastic and challenging levels.. something for the brain and soul! No bugs/problems during gameplay (three times) and multiplayer co-op. Everything i expect from a game

78. I enjoyed this game very much. It didn't take long to finish, but the time spent was quality time. It's funny. It looks good. It makes you think. I really wanted to find out what was going to happen in the end (and the end was amazing). My only criticism is in regard to the replay value. I'd imagine that if you want to be challenged again after beating the game, then you'll have to give yourself time to forget the solutions to the puzzles before replaying it. I could see, however, someone playing through it again just for the sheer spectacle and narrative. Great, great game.

79. Portal 2 is definitely Valve's best game up to date! The game is absolutely brilliant. The level design is a lot better than in portal 1. The graphics are great and the gameplay is just superb. Nobody should miss it. Too bad of all the trolls and haters. It's definitely not a console port, like most of them try to make you believe. It took me about 7 hours to complete the single-player and i've still got to play the co-op. DLC? There is no DLC! It's a shop with items items to for the co-op characters, nothing that affects gameplay in any way. 

80. Game of the Year. The coop is genius, the new puzzle elements are mindbending, and GlaDOS has finally taken off the kiddy gloves. She's taking her science personal.... and I like it.

81. This is one of the best game ever. I experienced every system in the game, and there are nothing new in the game. But Balance, between contents and scenario, is amazing more than Last of us. It is perfect for me, and I can recommend this game who love story-based game or action game.

82. This game is fantastic. It looks beautiful regardless of if it is on the pro or base system, the web slinging feels fantastic with the amazing animations, the combat is extremely fun, story is really great for a game of this kind. Overall of you have a ps4 you need to get this game.

83. A fantastic first attempt from insomniac at the wall crawler as they hit home run right off the bat. 
Amazing story, gameplay,combat and more await you with this title

84. What a beautifully crafted game, graphics, gameplay, audio and story are top notch! Truly remarkable.

85. Truly amazing. Now i know what central park feels like on an autumn aftrernoon. Looks incredible on my oled.

86. Fantastic game. Great graphics solid gameplay. All around a great experience.

87. Absolutely amazing. It’s everything I wanted it to be and more. Truly a sensational experience. Insomniac hit the nail directly on the head with this one. If your a fan of old webhead then, ultimately, this game is for you. Another epic triumph for Sony, Marvel and of course Insomniac.

88. The best game I have ever played. The story is amazing, the swinging feels so good and the combat is one of the best combat systems I have seen in a video game. I have spent over 30 hours playing it so far and it's still not boring for me.

89. One of the most fun i ever had playing a video game. Attention to detail was amazing, combat was fluid and story was heartfelt and good. All in all my favourite game of 2018 with GoW.

90. Perfect in every way, Spider-man Really brings out the Peter Parker we know and love, and makes us love him even more.

91. Fantastic game, with a soundtrack that fits "guardians of the galaxy" well. Its visual style is appealing to me, if not cutting edge. Its not really that kind of game. The characters are like able and I'm interested to see where the story goes. The dialogue can get a bit cringe-inducing at times but if you can get past all the hellas the its pretty solid. Ignore that fool YungDizuck's bad review as he Obviously didn't play the game. There are No QTEs, which I found to be refreshing

92. I have to admit, this is superb masterpiece in genre of adventures. I'm man but cried almost all game long, it's goes deep in heart, the story, characters, friendship. I can't say anything bad on this game, I have fully enjoyed how story is told and how you can change your mind, rewind time. More games like that!!! Supergirl just fly ... 

93. The ability to make you feel is the true sign of a game, movie, or story with great writing and this game has that in spades. Life is Strange over the course of the 5 episodes had me laughing, crying, and, at times, panicking, all over fictional characters who I had only known for a few hours. To say that is incredible is an understatement. It's very rare to find myself so invested in a story that I begin to respond, out loud, to different events taking place. For those looking for a game with ridiculous fight scenes or different ways to level up, this is not for you. However, if you want to sit down and listen to a great story and have your heart broken and put back together over and over again, this is the perfect game for you. I hope this game will be remembered as one of the greats.

94. Absolutely Beautiful game. From the characters, to the story, to the gameplay, to the thematic graphics. It was a total joy and honorable pleasure to indulge myself in what I now consider, to be one of the greatest games of all time. 

95. This game was amazing. I envy those who are now able to play all the episodes at once instead of waiting months in between. I have always loved deep emotional story lines. This is one of the games that you play through the story. This is a much more immersive experience than just watching a movie. The depth of the story grows to be epic. The mellow music at the end had me to tears as I watched the final cut-scene. This is one of the best games I have played and only one of the few that really left me emotional

96. Life is Strange tells a story about Max and Chloe's journey to finding out the secrets of Rachel, a dear friend of theirs. The game has great graphics, underscores the touching theme of friendship, and the twist is so thrilling it even bests many movies.

97. In my opinion, this is the best videogame in its genre. 
Awesome story with deep idea, mindblows, art style, symbols, simply experience you'll never forget. 
Must have.

98. It is unbelievable how a game can have such power of immersion. First time i actually cried at a video game. It was a real escape from all the unexplained gore and violence in today's games. A masterpiece which will remain as an example as how a story-driven game should be constructed in order to wreak havoc into the mind of the player.

99. Its fresh. It has great story and characters. Its fun to play. The game was a pleasant surprised for me since I never heard about it before playing. Now Im eagerly awaiting for episode 2.

100. It's such a really best of story of any games in my life.This game made me loved in every character,they had very real humanity and teenager life.Musics in this game are very fit with story.I loved it
